Here's my solution for preprocessing the training image data.
I know that I want the training images and the images from my generator to be comparable,
and I know my generator creates images with pixels in a range from negative one to
one due to a tanh activation function applied to its outputs.
So here, I'm re-scaling a real training input image x into that range as well,
and here I'm assuming that the input x is already in a normalized range from zero to one.
In this first line, I'm getting a maximum and minimum from my feature range and
the first thing I want to do is to multiply my
current zero to one range by a new range that I want.
In this case, one minus negative one.
The max minus the min is going to give us a range of two values.
So this will get me from my original zero to one to a new range zero to two and finally,
I shift that zero to two range using plus min or plus negative one in this case.
The shifts are ranged to be negative one to one,
which is exactly what I want.
Then I'm just returning the scaled x.
In the cell below, I'm printing out the new min and max values for
our sample image and I can see that the new min is a negative value,
close to negative one in fact.
So this looks pretty good,
and above you could have just multiplied by two and subtracted one like we did last
time but I just want to show you
a more general way of preprocessing this kind of pixel data.
Next, I'll introduce your main task,
which will be defining generator and discriminator models.